"x"
Received this yesterday (04/03/2021). Prompt delivery by Amazon (as expected).

Clarifications/issue points:

1. It’s a plastic body and not aluminium.
2. Hinges do not lift the lower part of the laptop.
3. Fan noise is there and it tends to get a bit hot.
4. There’s no special point on the edge of the lid to easily open it. You need to struggle a bit.
5. Battery life is descent with normal everyday usage (apprx- 5-6 hours)
6. Quality of adapter is not that good and the pin connector is not that good in terms of quality. You have to be cautious.
7. Body is prone to scratches and if you buy silver colour, then they will be visible easily. So be cautious in that area as well.
8. The packaging quality seemed to be very low. It was all dusty. I had to clean a lot. Laptop also got some dust on it’s body although it was packed well inside a plastic sheet.

Pros:

1. Configuration is best at this price level.
2. Performance is excellent in terms of multi-media usage and online tasks.
3. Data transfer from various storage devices is a very fast.
4. It’s light weight as it’s a plastic build. But the plastic quality seems to be really sturdy.
5. Sound quality is also good but not very good or excellent as boasted in the ads or online reviews.
6. Display is average and gets the job done.
7. Typing on the keyboard is really good and large keys give you a sense of good confidence.
8. You get 476 GB of available SSD memory which I suppose is good enough. Good point- it’s expandable upto 1 TB.
9. Microsoft integration is seamless and quick.

Overall, at this price budget (INR-62990), it’s a really well thought product by HP.

I’ll update this review after one month of usage.
Different charger was sent in the box by Amazon and they were not ready to provide a replacement as I had open the laptop box.
Later after several calls and struggle I was able to get the replacement and now, camera is not working for the laptop.
Laptop's over-all performance is nice. Buy it from a HP showroom directly instead buying it from Amazon.
Amazing laptop.. I ordered this laptop on its released date i.e. 24th feb seeing it's wonderful configuration.. I must say the decision was right..
Thank u HP for this superfast laptop. And after so much of research, I think in HP this is the only laptop with high configuration (11th gen, 16gb ram, 512 SSD, 14 inch screen, light weight, finger sensor & Alexa inbuilt) under this budget.
As soon as I found 11gen Gen i5 at ~62K I got stuck at it & after reading some initial reviews placed an order. Got it at promised time. Here's my review after 3 days.

Build & Looks are awesome. Very thin & sleek. Silver color adds to the classy looks. HP logo shining at the back further enhances it appearance. 1.4 Kg is not too light & noticeable. People complaining about placement of Power Key button beside delete button but believe me it'll hardly ever come your way. The plastic feels like metal. The screen doesn't lift keyboard. Typing is a pleasure.

Performance is just awesome. Boots in seconds (5 - 6 sec) & same way it shuts down. Finger print unlock is superfast. Apps opens in no time. Gestures works perfectly. All thanks to 11th Gen i5, 16GB Ram & 512 NvMe SSD.

Features: Comes with "Office Home & Student 2019" (didn't checked is it lifelong). Dropbox 25GB for 1 year also available. Comes with some HP apps & Express VPN as well. HP quick drop helps you transfer files from your phone easily. It has Type C charging point but not sure if it is delivery charging or receiving charging point. Keyboard is backlit with two setting (full & med bright).

Display: Didn't checked in daylight but at home it is very bright. Watching videos in FHD IPS display is a pleasure.

Camera is 720p Camera is OK. Pictures & Videos are grainy. I won't be using it much so I'm fine with that.

Speakers is unbelievably very loud & clear. At 67 its was reaching all across my apartment. Speakers are on the two sides below keyboard.

Only drawback I noticed was charging pin is too tight to push & pull out.

I will be posting more updates on performance, battery etc & also my overall experience as I keep using more & more.

Update after 2 weeks:
After lot of research & by doing practical I found that this Laptop can be charged by a Type-C charger. Believe me this is an exclusive piece of information, not many people knows this. HP call center didn't knew this, HP Showroom people don't know this, even when I asked question here someone provided wrong answer. This is an important information they should have mentioned in product detail that this Laptop supports Type C charging. I'm using HP original 65 W Type C power adapter to charge it. Attaching a photo. I did some research myself & found its USB Type C port has Power Delivery (PD) which is bi-directional, so a device can either send or receive power. After reading this I ordered the Type C power adapter & it worked.
Don't buy this lap ... Don't be fool .

I spent around 70,000 for the lap, when I open laptop it's screen off and on happening automatically.

You can see the video above attached.

I request to replacement for the laptop, but not yet got any update.. already completed 15 days.
It's too strange to see a brand new HP pavilion laptop got hung in the very second use. None of the keys working....can't even shut down......totally helpless....disappointment at its peak .....

The packaging too was no way near the required....

Frustration....disappointment....too bad experience.....
































